Add MPC testnet contracts (#1952)
near/docs: docs/2.build/1.chain-abstraction/chain-signatures.md

⭐️ For a deep dive into the concepts of Chain Signatures see [What are Chain Signatures?](/concepts/abstraction/chain-signatures)

> ⭐️ For complete examples of a NEAR account performing `ETH` transactions:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
⭐️ For complete examples of a NEAR account performing transactions in other chains:
```

![chain-signatures](/docs/assets/welcome-pages/chain-signatures-overview.png)
_Diagram of a chain signature in NEAR_

:::info MPC testnet contracts

> If you want to try things out, these are the MPC smart contracts available on `testnet`:

Author: thanks, I'll fix this and update the PR.

`nft.kagi.testnet` seems to be the contract for NFT Chain Keys
